---
title: My Kitties Are So Bored
author: Andrew Weisbeck
publish_date: 2022-12-19
abstract: My cats are so bored I think they just might try to eat me.
---

# My Kitties Are So Bored

![Zubie and Beaux](https://res.cloudinary.com/tar-heel-dev-studio/image/upload/v1671604074/beauxzubie_1_blscq8.png)

I love those pictures of my kitties, Zubie (Zulu) and Beaux-Beaux (Beaux - yes
it's Bo, written in Cajun-French). To say those pictures are worth a thousand
words to me right now would be an understatement. They are my sweet babies as
they are like my children as Lisa and I have none ourselves.

I have felt bad for half of this year however because they have been forced to
live in a cramped, high-rise apartment that I can tell they strongly dislike.
They once had a spacious, beautiful ground-level apartment that they were
allowed to romp around on the back deck as they wish, but we were forced to move
from there (due to financial issues they kicked us out) and then promptly
squished into this old shit hole. Its been a difficult year and I've struggled
with finding substantial, decent paying work so I've felt responsible for this
situation. It has caused me to often take up the role of "Kitty Entertainer",
which is quite an impossible task.

## "ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED? IS THIS NOT WHY YOU ARE HERE?"

![Russell Crowe in Gladiator - are you not entertained](https://res.cloudinary.com/tar-heel-dev-studio/image/upload/v1671599048/areyounotentertained_kwlin3.jpg)

Yes it feels exactly like Russell Crowe in Gladiator. Most days I will rub
Beaux's belly for about 30-45 minutes and rolls back and forth purring and
looking all cute. It's adorable, but I need to work and when I start working, he
looks at me with sad little eyes and mews a soft little mew. I sigh and go back
to petting his belly until I no longer can or I will get nothing done. He then
meows loudly and then when I ignore him, he bites me and walks off angry.

Then Zubie comes up and starts mewing and rubbing on my legs. I'll pick her up
to give her attention but then she gets mad and hisses at me. They both climb on
me and meow and rub on my legs and act obnoxious until I feed them - even though
they've just been fed. They'll just straight up eat out of boredom. Until they
get bored of eating.

When this happens, they pull off their most dramatic stunt.

## "Weeeee'rrreeeee ddddyyyyyiiiiinnngggg"

The kitties lay on the ground and stretch out like they are on their last legs
until death. Zubie will splay her legs and arms apart and look like she's dead
while Beaux will lay on his side, almost in a pant, and look at you with a
pathetic stare. They'll do this when they're bored and do it 10x more
dramatically when they haven't been fed in at least 8 hours. Oh god...

So when they haven't been fed in a while, it will be like you are swarmed by
little land sharks. They meow loudly and pathetically like they are about to die
if they don't eat in 5 minutes. Every time you move towards the kitchen, they
hop and sprint in front of you like "YAY! YOU FINALLY UNDERSTAND ME HUMAN! LET'S
EAT!" When you don't feed them, they look at you like you shot their mother.

The most pathetic part is when they lay on the ground and pretend their dying.
The quietest, softest little mews come from Beaux as he looks at you with a side
glance and begs for you to rescue him.

Yes my cats are dramatic.

## All in All, They're Ok

So maybe writing this was needed as I seemed to realize this - my cats are
fucking dramatic. I am watching them play right now and they kind of fight, but
when Beaux kind of pounces on Zubie lightly, she growls and hisses and he freaks
out like he hurt her and steps back, only to have Zubie lunge forward and take
him down. They may be bored a lot, but they would be bored anywhere we live.
They just are dramatic little fuzz balls.

Yes it sucks that I can't hang any of their toys on the wall and that they stare
at me to entertain them, but I can't ever do that job adequately for them,
whether I am in this apartment that I hate or in a four story mansion. When we
leave this place someday, they can romp around in a more spacious home at that
time.

I'm sorry if you read this hoping for something more entertaining, and perhaps
this should go in my digital garden instead, but I appreciate you stopping by
the site anyways and wish you a good day!
